Xiao Junlin Gong Gao Zhenzhu
Don't know Li Shu
After the award ceremony on November 7
Is everything okay?
After I received Yulin
I did it alone for three days and three nights
I don't want to be a sinner.
I don't want to draw my sword and be the king's command to you
Had to commit suicide from that day
Last minute
Did you order me to leave?
Yes
I gave the order
Otherwise, that day
You must die
Because I can't bring back your loss
In the past three years
I was under a lot of pressure.
Until today
I finally
Got the opportunity to hold an appearance ceremony for you
The emperor only needs to replace the evening
The Lord of Landing will truly die
You can be liberated
Emperor
Please continue with the ceremony
Nonsense
The king is a generation of genius
How could the king order this death?
You must have faked it in this storm
You must want to murder the king
The king must not listen to his nonsense
I'll kill him now stop